V0.24: attributesToHighlight (#1238)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/features/search_parameters.md

**Expected value**: an array of <clientGlossary word="attribute" label="attributes" /> or `["*"]`
**Default value**: `null`

> Highlights matching query terms in the specified attributes by enclosing them in `<em>` tags. `attributesToHighlight` only works on values of the following types: string, number, array, object.

Reviewer: We should probably make this a list, right?
```suggestion
Highlights matching query terms in the specified attributes by enclosing them in `<em>` tags. 

`attributesToHighlight` only works on values of the following types:

- string
- number
- array
- object
```

Author: Isn't this giving a disproportionate amount of attention to a list of types not seen in other places in the docs?

Perhaps that's because I'm not on team "always use lists when you have more than two items"?

Reviewer: Yeah, you could be right. I'm happy to leave this change out.

**Expected value**: an array of <clientGlossary word="attribute" label="attributes" /> or `["*"]`
**Default value**: `null`

> Highlights matching query terms in the specified attributes by enclosing them in `<em>` tags. `attributesToHighlight` highlights matches in fields containing strings, numeric values, arrays, and objects.

Reviewer: "Numeric value" is inconsistent IMO since in a MeiliSearch context these are all "values".

```suggestion
Highlights matching query terms in the specified attributes by enclosing them in `<em>` tags. `attributesToHighlight` only works on values of the following types: string, number, array, object.
```

When this parameter is set, returned documents include a `_formatted` object containing the highlighted terms.

> Parameter values must be given as an array of attributes: `attributesToHighlight=["attributeA", "attributeB"]`.

Reviewer: Is it necessary to include this information given the "Expected value" field above?

Author: Not strictly necessary, no, but perhaps useful anyhow because we present an example? Don't feel strongly about it either way—if you think it's best to remove it, I'm happy to do it.

Alternatively, you can provide `["*"]` as a value: `attributesToHighlight=["*"]`. In this case, all the attributes present in [`attributesToRetrieve`](/reference/features/search_parameters.md#attributes-to-retrieve) will be assigned to `attributesToHighlight`.

::: tip
It is not possible to change the `<em>` tag or its attributes.

If you need finer control over the formatted output, we recommend using [the `matches` search parameter](#matches).
:::

### Example

The following query highlights matches present in the `overview` attribute:

<CodeSamples id="search_parameter_guide_highlight_1" />

> The highlighted version can then be found in the returned document's `_formatted` object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The highlighted version of the text would then be found in the `_formatted` object included in each returned document:
```
